Update leverage-containers-orchestrators.md (#20910)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/cloud-native/leverage-containers-orchestrators.md

### Deployment

> Monolithic applications require a full deployment of the entire application, even if only a small change has been made. Full deployments can be expensive and error prone. Additionally, they require a restart of the application, which may temporarily impacts unavailability if not managed accordingly while deploying.

Reviewer: 1. `error prone` could be written as `error-prone`
2. Rephrased sentence - 
`Additionally, they require a restart of the application, which may temporarily impact unavailability if not managed accordingly.`

CC: @nishanil

Author: Used @nishanil's version.

> Monolithic applications require a full deployment of the entire application, even if only a small change has been made. Full deployments can be expensive and error prone. Additionally, they require a restart of the application, which may temporarily impacts unavailability if not managed accordingly while deploying.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Additionally, they require a restart of the application, which may temporarily impact availability if zero-downtime techniques are not applied while deploying. 
```
